Fix the innocent protocol mangling (#44)
ietf-wg-scone/scone: draft-ietf-scone-protocol.md

identifiers of arbitrary length. Network elements can mitigate these attacks
with implementations that fully conform to the specification of {{packet}}.

## Damage to Other Protocols

Network elements that update SCONE packet fields might do that for datagrams
exchanged in other protocols.
This could result in damage to those protocols.

The most serious damage occurs when every datagram is modified,
because that could mean that the protocol is
effectively unable to operate end-to-end.

To that end, network elements MUST only update the content of datagrams
on a given address tuple
more than a few times each enforcement period.
Network elements MAY update more often
immediately after a change in their throughput advice,
to reduce the reaction time from senders.

> 

Reviewer: OK, we are down to editorial. I suggested "SHOULD NOT ... more than a few times". You propose "MUST only ... more than a few times." I still prefer my original proposal for two reasons:

- "MUST only ... more" is a weird construct. I think this should be either "MUST NOT ... more" or "SHOULD NOT .. more".
- I originally thought of writing "MUST NOT", but in general if we have a combination of mandate and exception we write "SHOULD NOT \<do something>" followed by "MAY \<by exception do something else>", so I would rather fit the established pattern.

Author: Done.  Thanks.

In addition, some heuristics might be used
to detect SCONE-compatible QUIC flows.

> This includes identification of a QUIC handshake on the flow,

Reviewer 2: Considering that SCONE is meant to work with any version of QUIC, I'm not sure if we would want to talk about identifying handshakes, as that is a concept specific to version 1 of QUIC.

Author: I think that this is fine in the context of applying heuristics.

identifiers of arbitrary length. Network elements can mitigate these attacks
with implementations that fully conform to the specification of {{packet}}.

## Damage to Other Protocols

Network elements that update SCONE packet fields might do that for datagrams
exchanged in other protocols.
This could result in damage to those protocols.

The most serious damage occurs when every datagram is modified,
because that could mean that the protocol is
effectively unable to operate end-to-end.

> To that end, network elements MUST ensure that
> they do not update the content of every datagram.
> Limiting the rate of updates
> to a small number of times over each enforcement period
> is sufficient.
> Network elements might update more often
> in response to a change in throughput advice,
> to reduce the reaction time from senders.

Author: ```suggestion
To that end, network elements MUST only update the content of datagrams
on a given address tuple
more than a few times each enforcement period.
Network elements MAY update more often
immediately after a change in their throughput advice,
to reduce the reaction time from senders.
```
Tweaking @huitema's suggestion.

In addition, some heuristics might be used
to detect SCONE-compatible QUIC flows.
This includes identification of a QUIC handshake on the flow,
the presence of indications ({{indication}}),

> or other heuristics.

Author: Yeah, I expect #49 to merge first and then this is fine.

> watching to ensure that the ratio of the two SCONE versions
> is close to 1 over time, or other heuristics.

Author: ```suggestion
or other heuristics.
```
